Amen.
Thanks for that prayer.
Okay.
Before I make my first call, let me make sure I've got everything.
I have my Bible out, I have my tablet open to JW Library, and here's what I plan to
say.
Looks good.
It's similar to what I'm going to say.
Okay.
Ready.
My first call is to one of my workmates.
Hello?
Is this Allison?
Yes.
This is Carmen from work.
Oh, sure.
How are you doing?
We're doing well.
Thanks.
Of course, the pandemic is causing challenges for everyone.
So I just wanted to make a brief call to check up on you.
How are you in the family doing?
That's so nice of you.
Thank you for asking.
My family is well, but like most people, we're struggling to make ends meet.
As you know, we haven't been going into work.
I'm worried about how long this pandemic will last.
I can understand that.
These words that Isaiah 4110 have helped me to stay calm.
Where it reads, do not be afraid for I am with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you.
Yes.
I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
Isn't that an encouraging verse?
It is.
And according to this, where can we go for help when we're anxious and afraid?
Well, God can help us to stay calm.
Yes.
One way he does that is by giving us hope that soon all sickness will end.
May I call again to share that promise with you in the Bible?
Sure.
How about if I call this time tomorrow?
Okay.
That'll be fine.
In the meantime, I can text you where you can find the scripture in your own Bible.
Great.
Enjoy the rest of your evening, Allison.
Goodbye.
Bye.
What a nice conversation.
How will you answer that question about the end of sickness?
I thought I'd read to her Revelation 21, 3 and 4.
Before I forget, let me text her that scripture in Isaiah.
Should I include anything else?
You could include a link to one of our videos.
Good idea.
I think I'll send her the short version of why I studied the Bible.
Perfect.